-[siren wailing]
-[Saul] Get back, get back!
[indistinct chatter]
[firefighter]
The World Trade Center,
Tower Number One is on fire.
[Carrie] I missed something
once before, I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
An American prisoner
of war has been turned.
You're a disgrace
to your nation,
Sgt. Nicholas Brody.
You're a traitor
and a terrorist,
and now it's time
to pay for that.
Are you accusing me
of something?
[Yevgeny] You really
do not remember?
[Carrie] Remember what?
[Jim]
W e may be dealing with
a compromised officer here.
[Saul] You had a relationship
complicated enough
to lie about.
[Carrie] Yeah,
it's complicated.
I lost seven months of my life.
...to my Russian handler?
[Joe] Is our strategy working?
And you will become
the focus of an investigation
that will define
the rest of your life.
[Carrie] That not every problem
in the Middle East
deserves a military solution.
Because this whole country
went stupid crazy after 9/11.
[Saul] Carrie,
you're not yourself.
[Carrie] I'm still putting
the pieces together.
[Saul] Please, God,
tell me you have it.
[Quinn] Is there
no fucking line?
[Saul] I believe you.
No one else will.
[indistinct chattering
outside]
[gasps]
[people speaking indistinctly]
-[woman] How come
no one told me?
-[Dance] I'm telling you now.
That's a Title III writ
ordering her release.
I don't think you want to be
standing in the way.
[door opens]
Are you kidding?
Get those off her.
Come on. Come on.
You fucking people.
We're out of here.
-Who are you?
-Kevin Dance.
Saul asked me to represent you
for the preliminaries.
That okay?
They're playing this
pretty close to the vest.
We won't know exactly
what they're charging you with
until the arraignment tomorrow.
In the meantime,
don't talk to anyone.
-Oh, I didn't.
-Good.
You're staying
at Mr. Berenson's.
He arranged the court order
to get you out
and also put up the bond.
I'm sure you know you've got
quite an advocate there.
[door buzzes]
[male news reporter] For those
of you just tuning in,
a car bomb
at the Pakistan-Afghanistan
border has left many dead
and dozens wounded.
A White House spokesperson
confirmed to CNB
that Jalal Haqqani,
son of Haissam Haqqani,
has claimed responsibility
for the attack.
When did that happen?
I guess while
you were traveling.
It's been on all day.
As just a few days ago,
President Hayes...
-How many dead?
-The whole team.
And one CIA agent wounded,
a Jenna Bragg.
They put her
on a plane back here
in a big hurry for observation.
Also added her name
to the list of witnesses
against you.
Any idea
what that might be about?
We will continue to monitor
this volatile situation
and bring you
more information...
No.
...as it becomes available
in Washington.
[Saul] Pakistan did not
blow up our convoy.
Jalal Haqqani did.
Pakistan lost men
in the explosion
just like we did.
In fact, more than we did.
Excuse me,
Pakistan was responsible
for transporting
our Special Ops team safely.
So Pakistan can't say
they had nothing to do with it.
It's their fucking country.
-David, back me up here.
-Oh, no.
This entire fiasco
was his big idea.
He... He opens his mouth,
it'd better be to resign.
You may not like it,
but there are
principles involved.
-What principles?
-Proportionality.
They killed our President.
They killed our operatives.
-And necessity.
-Here's the real question.
What calamity has to occur
before you finally admit
it's time to do something?
Something, yes, not this,
not a full-scale invasion
of a nuclear power
that has said
they will not tolerate
our crossing their border.
How in the fucking world
do you think that'll end?
What do you recommend?
Back channel talks
with the Pakistanis.
Who are arriving
in New York today
to plead their case at the UN.
Plus, a surgical action
to locate and take out
Jalal Haqqani.
"Back channel talks"?
[car engine revs outside]
[car door closes]
[keys jingle]
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
You didn't have to do this.
I want everyone on notice.
They want to mess with you,
they have to come through me.
For as long as
that's worth something.
Rough day?
Everything we've kept at bay
for decades,
it's all being
discussed openly,
as an actual option.
-By Zabel?
-Zabel, Hayes.
It's a contagion.
[chuckles] List is growing.
I can still tell them
what I heard
on the flight recorder.
[clicks tongue]
We've been over this.
Maybe I should have listened
to you when you first
wanted to tell them.
Now we just lost
a Special Ops team.
Jalal's taking credit
for that, too.
Trying to have you rewrite
what happened
with the helicopter now...
It would just seem ludicrous.
So we need the real thing,
the flight recorder.
Yeah.
You must know
someone who can help.
I already talked to them.
No, I don't mean
Ambassador Makarov.
I mean an asset
in the Kremlin.
-Saul, there have been
rumors for years...
-Yeah, rumors.
...that you have some sort of
undeclared source.
-I don't.
-If there were ever a time--
I don't. Did you hear me?
There's no secret asset.
Believe me,
I wish there were.
[ice clinks]
[metal clatters]
[bell jingles]
[door closes]
[Carrie speaking Yiddish]
In back.
Who is it?
I don't know.
[gun cocks]
[receptionist chattering
indistinctly]
[in English] Fuck.
-[nurse] You need me here?
-No, I'm fine. Thanks.
-What are you doing?
-Checking when my Uber
will be here.
Could you just listen
a second?
-Look, I know you're mad.
-Mad?
Those guys
you tricked me into exposing,
they're dead, all of them.
I know, and it's horrible.
I am so sorry.
But a suicide bomber did that,
not me and not you.
You lied to me.
I didn't.
You're delusional.
[Carrie]
Ninety percent of what
I told you was true.
I was looking
for the black box,
just like I said,
and the thing is,
I found it, okay. I found it.
You want to hear
what was on it?
Is that of any interest to you?
Jalal Haqqani
did not shoot down
the President's helicopter.
It was a mechanical failure.
So if you care about lies,
the US is rushing
to war right now based on one.
-Where is it?
-What?
What do you think?
The flight recorder.
[sighs]
-Yevgeny Gromov
stole it from me.
-[chuckles]
I just need a few days
to get it back.
I know you're testifying
against me at the tribunal,
and if you need to tell them
how the safe house
got discovered,
that I lied to you, fine.
I will even back you up.
But please, just not yet.
How you going to find it?
You say you need a few days.
You must have a plan.
What is it?
[car honks]
-That's my car.
-I can't tell you everything.
That, right there,
is how we got in trouble
the last time.
Okay... Oh, okay.
Yevgeny has the recorder,
like I said,
but he is willing to trade.
For what?
What did we just say?
You tell me everything
or I'm out of here.
He is willing to trade
for the identity of an agent
in the Russian government,
an asset of Saul's.
So why didn't they ask Saul?
Because he'd never agree.
But you would.
I already have.
Saul was based in Berlin
from 1982 to 1987,
before the wall came down.
He must have recruited
the asset during that time.
That's all you've got?
Not quite. He told me once
about an exfiltration
that went bad towards the end
of his stay there.
Someone he'd recruited,
that's where I'd start.
[chuckles softly]
Where you'd start?
No one's going to let you
anywhere near
a Langley computer.
You know that, right?
No one will even talk to you.
You are.
Yeah, you're right. I am.
And I know how you might think
I'd help you
given how you managed
to rope me into your bullshit
twice before,
but no,
I can't help you,
at all.
What I can do
is let everyone know
what you're up to,
beginning with Saul.
[engine starts]
[door closes]
[cell phone ringing]
-Thanks for getting back to me.
-You said you'd be here.
I'm hung up in DC
at least for another day.
When you get here,
we'll talk.
-No wait.
- What for?
[Jenna]
Jenna Bragg.
I called.
From the time we took off
to the time we landed,
you've moved
another 10,000 troops
to our border.
-I know.
-I should be back in Islamabad,
preparing for an invasion.
Well, I'm hoping
we can find a way
to avoid that.
Have you heard the lies
coming out of the White House
this morning?
That we purposely delivered
US operatives to their deaths?
-We were doing you a favor.
-I know.
The thinking here
has reached levels of crazy
I couldn't have even imagined
a year ago.
[chuckles] Which improbable
as it seems, leaves you and me
on the same side.
At least I think we are.
But the situation...
is fucking delicate.
There's only one thing
that can defuse this right now.
Which is what?
[exhales]
Give us Jalal.
I am so tired of this.
We don't know where he is.
Just give us a target,
any target.
Plausible coordinates,
that's all I'm asking.
-You hear what I'm saying?
-Yeah.
I do.
[ends call]
Hello.
-Thanks for seeing me.
-You okay?
Better, yeah. Thanks.
Please.
You said it was about Carrie.
Yeah.
-And you.
-Me?
She ambushed me at Walter Reed
this morning, Carrie did.
She was waiting
as I was being discharged,
and she said
a lot of crazy stuff.
Like?
Like there's this black box
she found
that proves Jalal
didn't shoot down
the helicopter.
It was a mechanical failure,
but Yevgeny stole it from her.
And if she could
just get it back,
she could save the world.
That's true, all of it.
Look, I know you're going
in front of the tribunal today.
I agreed to talk you
because I thought
maybe you were
looking for a way
to be on Carrie's side.
[chuckles]
Not really.
I'm not exactly sure
what she did do or didn't do
or what mistakes she made.
There's always some.
But everything
she does, everything,
is because
she never loses sight
of what's important.
And honestly,
she's the only person
I've ever known
I can say that of.
So we're all here
fiddling while Rome burns.
This tribunal
will ask you to help them
with some bullshit charge.
But when you're
dealing with Carrie,
you have to do what she does.
You have to decide for yourself
what matters.
You have to decide...
what kind of person you are.
[judge]
Criminal case 17-386.
You are charged
on information.
Count one,
lying to a federal officer.
Count two, obstruction
of an official proceeding.
Count three,
providing material support
to a foreign
terrorist organization.
Count four, attempting
to provide material support
to a foreign
terrorist organization.
Count five,
accessory to murder
of Ralph Warner,
President of the United States.
Count six, accessory to murder,
Special Operator Number One,
employed by
the Central
Intelligence Agency.
Count seven,
accessory to murder,
Special Operator Number Two,
employed by
the Central
Intelligence Agency.
Count eight,
accessory to murder,
Special Operator...
-Breathe.
-...Number Three,
employed by
the Central
Intelligence Agency.
Count nine...
[vomits]
[breathing heavily]
[toilet flushing]
-[door opens]
-[Charlotte] Carrie Mathison.
I'm Charlotte Benson,
a friend of Yevgeny's.
Fuck him, and fuck you.
We have resources.
Whatever help you need.
Just let me know.
[people speaking indistinctly]
Take a seat.
Thank you for coming.
Recording.
-Interview with...
-Jenna Bragg.
In the matter
of US v Carrie Mathison,
a traitor,
conspiring with agents
of the Russian government,
implicated in the death
of an American president.
There's a lot to review here.
-We're going to start with--
-Excuse me.
Uh...
I thought I was okay...
but I think maybe I'm not.
I need a few days.
[knock on door]
I was right.
You were wrong.
About what?
About what happens
if you're not afraid
to apply a little pressure.
We got an off-the-record call
from Islamabad.
Turns out they do have
a location on Jalal.
What do you know,
they just found out.
What a lucky break.
Uh, some intel
just landed
on their desk.
-[sighs]
-He's at one of the compounds
his father used to use.
Half an hour ago,
there was one HiLux there.
Now there are four.
What's the plan?
Not back channel talks,
I'll tell you that.
Everybody's in
the Situation Room.
We're about
to pull the trigger.
[exhales]
[grunts]
[men chattering indistinctly]
[officer 1] Hangar two-one
with friendlies
and target in sight.
Final attack tone,
160 to 190.
-You're cleared hot.
-[officer 2] C opy,
hangar two-one,
with the friendlies
and the target in sight.
Final attack tone, 160...
Thank God they came around,
the Pakistanis.
Yeah, thank God.
[Wellington]
You want to tell me
what's going on here?
[officer 2] Ten, nine, eight,
seven, six, five,
four, three, two, one.
[officer 1] Good hit, good hit.
DDA 100/100.
Target destroyed.
Well, fuck yeah.
[all applauding]
-Mr. President.
-[grunts softly]
You don't want to hear
what the Pakistanis will say?
I know what they'll say.
They'll be protesting
a flagrant violation
of their sovereignty.
-Where are you going?
-New York.
Anyone asks,
tell them somewhere else.
I found something...
about that exfiltration
that went south.
Come on in.
[Jenna] It was 1986.
A guy named Andrei Kuznetsov.
Saul recruited him
at a KGB language school
in East Berlin.
For some reason,
the guy panicked,
and Saul had
to get him out in a hurry.
The extraction got messy.
He actually lost a leg.
But he's still alive.
He is?
And living
under witness protection
in Pennsylvania as Alex Surnow.
So he's...
He's not the asset.
No, he can't be.
He's been stateside
for 30 years.
But I think
he might know something.
Why?
Saul never declared an asset
out of the East again, ever.
But right around this time
is when all his
intelligence coups begin.
Like that Gorbachev
was willing to do business
with the West,
like the cover-up
at Chernobyl,
like Aldrich Ames.
[sighs]
Thank you.
You sure you want
to do this?
Betray Saul?
I'm sure I don't want to.
Um, tell me
there's another way.
[chuckles softly]
You're right,
there's probably not.
Anyway, I'm done.
What do you mean,
you're done?
I mean, I'm done,
not just with this,
with everything,
the whole CIA.
That's what
this means to you?
After what you found here,
after you thought
your way through it,
you think
that's a reason to quit?
No, but the Special Ops team
dying, that's a reason.
And this asset will
be tortured to death
if you find him.
That's a reason.
It'll get us
the flight recorder.
That's how you see it. I know.
And I've tried
to see it like you...
but I just can't.
I got into this thinking
I would make things better.
But I don't actually
believe that anymore.
All I see is damage.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Alex Surnow?
My name's Heather Frith.
We have an acquaintance
in common, Saul Berenson.
I don't know
any Saul Berenson.
He saved your life...
when your name
was Andrei Kuznetsov.
You lost your leg
below the knee in a minefield
on the East German border.
Could we talk inside?
I work for the agency
Saul used to run, in Archives,
for the chief historian.
What do you want?
It's nearly 40 years
since you defected.
Most of the files
are being declassified.
My job is to talk to the people
in those files
to make sure we have
the whole story, obviously.
Also to make sure
identities are protected
where they need to be,
like with you.
Does Saul know?
Because I should call him
and let him know
that you're here,
throwing his name around.
Um...
Well, if you need
to call him,
sure, feel free.
So, what do you want to know?
Whatever you're willing
to share.
I'm trying to learn the details
that aren't in the files.
Pakistan has convened
a Security Council
working group.
They're demanding
a vote against the US
for last night's raid.
China and Iran
are backing Pakistan.
Brits and Poles are backing us.
-What are the Russians doing?
-Usual, thinking of ways
to fuck us up.
[Tasneem] Our ambassador
had warned President Hayes
that any incursion
would be treated
as an act of war.
Last night,
despite that warning...
So, what are you
planning to do?
...was violated
by the United States.
[Saul]
Make an idiot
of myself.
Don't try to stop me.
At least not at first.
[Tasneem] We haven't yet
been able to account...
[Kuznetsov]
The crossing point
was here.
Saul had it all planned.
He knew when
the shift change was,
where the motion sensors were.
It was like clockwork.
Even crossing the minefield
was good.
I was nearly across.
So what happened?
[chuckles] An owl flew
right in front of my face.
I stumbled just two steps
to the right and, boom, my leg.
I'm in agony. I can't move.
Any second, they'll find me.
Suddenly, Saul's there.
He picks me up,
carries me through the mines,
the wires, guns firing at us,
but he just keeps going.
Wow.
I had no idea.
And I'm telling you,
these details
are not in the file.
So, did you ever learn
what happened
to the other cadets
in your class?
I did go there
after the wall came down
to find out...
what happened to them.
And what did you find?
They were put up
against the wall... and shot.
-Oh, my God.
-All of them.
For failing to prevent
my defection. [clears throat]
So, one of them was a woman.
She was not in the class.
She was a teacher in English.
What was her name?
There was no name.
Just "Comrade Instructor."
What happened to her?
[Kuznetsov]
I don't know.
[woman]
Pakistan's censure motion
will be considered
at 1700 hours today.
We'll adjourn now so delegates
can consult their governments.
[all chatter indistinctly]
Excuse me.
I want to talk to you.
Yes, you.
I know you have it,
so just tell me
what you fucking want.
[Speaking Russian]
"I know you have it
so tell me what you want."
[in English]
What are you talking about?
You know what, the black box
from the President's
helicopter.
[Speaking Russian] He's asking
about the black box from
the President's helicopter.
[in English] But I told you,
we don't know about it.
Then you're
a lying bunch of fucks.
I know you fucking have it.
[Speaking Russian]
"You have it."
[in English] Don't censor me.
Tell him what I'm saying,
every fucking word.
You hear me?
I'm telling them. I don't need
to translate your bad language.
Ask them what's the price.
I know there must be a price.
What is it?
Tell me the goddamn price!
I'll pay it!
Tell me! Get off of me!
Get off of me!
Tell me the fucking price!
-Come on, let's go.
-Out now.
-Get the fuck out of my way!
-[guard] Sir.
[Scott] Go.
[all murmuring]
[speaking Russian]
What the hell was that about?
I'm sorry,
the old man's losing it.
Is he?
Sergei?
Tell me what's going on.
Yevgeny Gromov
is running an operation.
[people speaking indistinctly]
[in English] Thank you
for digging up
the past again.
I'm sorry if it was painful.
Actually, I'm glad.
-[puts box down]
-People will finally know
everything Saul did for me.
Wait. What's this?
[Kuznetsov]
Oh, this was our signal
to meet.
A book moved
from the right
to the left side
of the bookstore window.
A Tauchnitz edition
in red leather.
Very Saul,
he liked the old ways.
Things hidden in plain sight.
Let me.
[keys jingle]
If you're going to shoot me,
flick the safety off.
I'm not going to kill you.
I want to take Andrei's place.
They were my students.
They knew nothing...
but they were tortured,
put against the wall and shot.
I want to fight the people
who did that.
The man in charge
of the investigation likes me.
He's moving me
to the Second Directorate
in Moscow.
I will be a translator there.
I will hear things.
I can help.
Fraulein, I'm not
who you think I am.
Why don't you trust me?
I'm sorry.
You have the wrong man.
[phone ringing]
Yes?
-[female receptionist]
Mr. Berenson?
-Yes?
We have a package here
addressed to your room
from Tobias Straus Rare Books
to a Professor Rabinow.
-Send it up.
- Right away, sir.
"Moscow."
Nothing.
[Saul] Thank you.
[exhales]
"The price has already
been asked.
It's Yevgeny Gromov's play."
[speaking Russian]
Papers.
[In English]
You're out late.
I had a meeting. Went long.
You're CIA.
Sniffing around
the language school,
making defectors.
-If you read my permit--
-Shut up.
You think we don't know
what you've done?
Get in the car.
-Hey!
-Now.
Let go of me. Let go of me!
[straining]
[groans]
[grunting]
-[gunshot]
-[grunts]
[gunshots]
[gunshots continue]
[young Saul] Here.
[panting]
[gasps]
Do you trust me now?
[sighs]
Did you arrange the call?
He's waiting.
[engine starts]
[rhythmic beeping]
Empty for two years.
Owners are asking too much.
There you go.
Hey.
Are you enjoying this,
what you've got me doing?
[sighs]
You wanted to talk to me.
[exhales]
The asset exists,
like you said.
Recruited by Saul
in East Berlin,
probably early in 1986.
Okay.
I know how they communicate
with each other.
- How?
-No, that's not
how this works.
Before I give you something
you don't know,
I want something in return.
Like what?
Where's the black box?
Moscow.
Where you are?
Has the Kremlin listened to it?
You know they have.
Your turn.
How do they communicate?
I'll tell you that when I have
my hands on the box.
You know what,
I don't even care
how they communicate.
Just give me the name.
I don't have it, not yet.
But I will if you help me.
How?
I need you to get a hold
of some records for me,
from a KGB archive.
You want me to just
hand them over to you?
With what I know,
once I have those records,
I can find the name,
which I will give to you
when I have the box.
Records. Let me guess.
You said, 1986, East Berlin.
You're talking about
the Dzerzhinsky School, right?
Where Saul recruited
that traitor, Kuznetsov.
Is that the best
you can do? Really?
You think we didn't
look there already?
-Can you help me or not?
- No.
All the school records
were burned
by the mob
of freedom lovers
after the wall came down
in '89.
The trail is dead.
Why do you think
we're asking you?
I've done what I can.
You have to keep trying.
No, you're not listening.
There's nothing else I can do.
Your embassies in Kabul
and Islamabad,
they're evacuating
all nonessential staff.
Pakistan just moved
two brigades from Kashmir
to the Afghan border.
The war is coming.
And you can stop it.
Do the honorable thing.
Hand over the black box.
It's out of my control.
You have to solve this.
[sighs]
Besides, you haven't done
everything.
What do you mean?
If you can't find the asset...
you can still take Saul
out of the picture.
What the fuck are you saying?
Then the asset is neutralized,
and he's no longer a problem.
No, the asset
wouldn't be neutralized.
Saul would never allow that.
Why not?
He'd have a legacy plan,
in the event of his death,
an arrangement.
An arrangement to pass
the asset on to someone else.
And that someone else
would be... you.
You knew Saul
would never give up his asset.
You fucking knew
it would come to this.
I hoped you'd find another way,
but like you said,
you've tried everything.
What's left?
Kill Saul.